Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on Star
Trek: Discovery...
We have to get the Progenitors'
power and keep it safe.
This clue is the
most important thing
in the Federation right now.
We are looking for a
very specific manuscript.
It is a handwritten
Betazoid text called.
Labyrinths of the Mind.
Try the Eternal
Gallery and Archive.
It's like a bank. but
it protects knowledge.
It changes location
about every 50 years.
This is where it is now.
- The Badlands.
- Been there.
It's as fun as it sounds.
Scans show a Breen
Dreadnaught heading this way
at maximum warp.
We received this.
Your Federation has captured
two fugitives who have
incurred an Erigah.
Be ready to hand them over
upon our imminent arrival.
It goes without saying that
we can't allow the Breen
to become aware of the
Progenitors' technology.
Oh. it's you. isn't it?
You are the bloodline.
not the primarch.
- He can't succeed without you.
- Yeah. lucky me.
Direct descendant
of the emperor.
Scion of the Breen Imperium.
The Federation's hiding
something from you.
A power so great
you won't need L'ak
to claim the throne.
And I can get it for you
if you take me with you.
If you wish to avoid
war. she is my price.
Dr. Vellek believed that
since the technology
could be used to create life.
it might also be used
to revive the dead.
- Bit of a stretch.
- Doesn't matter. What matters is that she thinks
it'll bring L'ak back.
That's why she's doing this.
We can't give her to them.
There is much to be
lost by keeping her.
This is wrong. Michael.
This isn't how our story ends.
I'll fix this.
I promise.
Without the Scion. some believe
that our claim to the
throne has been eradicated.
In fact. it has grown
stronger than before.
His murder will galvanize
the other factions behind us.
And with the power
promised by his Joined.
we will defeat all
who stand against us.
For the Scion!
For the Scion! For the Scion!
- For the Scion!
- Silence!
Apologies. Primarch.
I can bring him back to you!
The power we seek created life.
In the words of someone
who saw that power.
"It can also renew life."
That is why we need to find it.
That is why I've come.
I ask to be set free. Primarch.
so that I may assist
in the noble quest
to restore the Scion.
Of course. we want nothing more
than to see our Scion returned.
Speak to my soldiers again.
and I will eviscerate
you in front of them.
I don't think your Scion would
look very kindly upon that.
Your value to me does not
extend beyond your ability
to acquire the
Progenitors' technology.
For your sake.
make sure we succeed.
The Badlands.
Largest plasma storm
in the quadrant.
Hell of a place
to hide a clue.
Well. it's kind of beautiful
in a twisted sort of way.
Lieutenant Gallo. what
are scans telling us?
Sensors can't penetrate
through the storm.
but they have a communications
beacon out here.
Looks like it's made of the
same alloy as the library card.
Lieutenant Tilly. transmit a
scan of the card to the beacon.
- Aye. Captain.
- Any updates from Fed HQ?
Nothing yet. but it's safe to
assume Ruhn's on his way here.
Captain. the
Archive's hailing us.
Put them through.
Hello and welcome.
I'm Hy'Rell. one
of the sworn order
who tend to The Eternal Gallery
and Archive and call it home.
I'm Captain Burnham of the
Federation starship Discovery.
Thank you for the
speedy response.
Oh. we saw you coming.
Very exciting. We love visitors.
I'll be explaining how to get
into the Archive in a moment.
but first. there's a little
speech we like to give.
The Eternal Gallery and
Archive is proud to house
the largest known
collection of historical
and cultural artifacts in
the Alpha or Beta Quadrants.
I'm sorry to interrupt. but
we're in a bit of hurry.
Of course.
We can talk while we travel.
Sending coordinates and
velocity adjustments now.
As this is your first visit
into the Archive. please follow
my instructions precisely
and do not deviate.
The Archive is not responsible
for any damage. dismemberment.
or death that may result
in your failure to do so.
Was that meant as a joke?
I guess we'll find out.
Hmm.
Commander Asha. take us in.
Aye. Captain.
The Archive has made
its home in the Badlands
for nearly a century.
These uniquely treacherous
environs help protect
our collection.
Archivists. such as myself.
come from a wide
array of backgrounds.
We have devoted our
lives to the preservation
- of galactic knowledge.
- We appreciate the information.
but if you don't mind. we
need to focus. Thank you.
I understand. I'm here if
you have any questions.
Status report.
Radiation levels are rising.
Shields are down to 70%.
Captain. Hy'Rell's
telling us to cut engines.
- Hy'Rell?
- It creates a reaction
- with the ionic discharge...
- No. We can't hear you. Hy'Rell!
Cut your engines. or it
could be catastrophic.
What does she expect us
to do without engines?
Coast on our current
momentum. I guess.
Well. she hasn't
led us wrong so far.
Cut the engines.
Aye. Captain.
I can't stabilize
without engines!
Follow the path as
best as you can.
Shields down to 52%.
Pulling from the grid to boost.
Radiation levels still rising.
Shields at 37%.
25!
Hang on. everybody!
Holy shit.
Nice work. everyone.
There it is.
Let's go get that final clue.
We'll be within range
in less than a minute. Captain.
Thank you. Lieutenant Gallo?
Shields back to capacity
in less than ten.
- Commander Rayner?
- We took a beating.
but no significant injuries
or damage. We're good.
Captain. we're still
seeing high levels of.
uh. Cherenkov radiation.
It's a by-product of
the plasma activity.
We won't be able to cloak.
Then neither will the Breen.
Lieutenant Christopher.
hail Archivist Hy'Rell.
Aye. Captain.
She's responding.
Ah. it's good to see you
made it all in one piece.
I'll have the Archive lower
their shields so you
can transport in.
Thank you. I'll be down shortly.
There is just one other matter.
My scans show that there is
a Kwejian aboard Discovery.
Is that correct?
It is.
We have an item from
Kwejian in our possession.
As it is one of the
last remaining artifacts
of that world. we would
appreciate it greatly
if your colleague
could accompany you
and provide some context on it.
I'll ask him to join.
Maintain Yellow
Alert and eyes up.
The Breen are
likely on their way.
Rayner. you have the conn.
You wanted to see me?
The Archive has
something from Kwejian.
You can come with
me if you want.
Yes.
Good. We should go.
I-I should apologize.
Look. when you all sent Moll
away...
I mean. I get it.
You have a duty. your mission.
I know it was a tough call.
Yeah. not all yours.
Yeah. I get that.
But I supported it.
And I stand by the decision.
Right.
I do care about you.
And what's important to you.
Okay.
Let's go.
And down that aisle. you'll
find our extensive collection
of original Valaric manuscripts.
We can take a
detour if you like.
No thank you. We're
pressed for time.
And speaking of. I
asked my first officer
to report about our recent
run-in with the Breen.
You did receive
that. didn't you?
We sure did. and we
thank you for it.
So if the Breen track us here.
- we'll do everything we can to...
- Oh. not to worry.
The Breen are contributing
members of the Archive.
We have quite a
bit of experience
dealing with cultures in active
conflict with one another.
We're here to serve everyone.
as long as everyone
follows the rules.
And if they don't?
Why. we send them to
the dungeon. of course.
Just kidding.
We don't actually
have a dungeon here.
It's really more
of an oubliette.
I've set up viewing
rooms for you both.
They're right this way.
The manuscript you requested.
Labyrinths of the Mind.
Has anyone else ever
come looking for this?
Our records show
you are the first.
What can you tell me about
the person who left this here?
Only the basics. I'm afraid.
According to our records.
Dr. Derex was an
accomplished neuroscientist.
originally from Betazed.
Became an Archivist
herself later in life.
Lived out the remainder
of her days here.
I'll leave you to it.
while I show Mr. Booker
to his viewing room.
Thank you.
Is your name really "Book"?
Uh. yeah.
How fun to have a Book visit
me in the library for a change.
Hmm.
This box is Tuli wood.
We were hoping you could
tell us what it is.
Mm-hmm.
It's a
a cutting from the
Kwejian world root.
Wow.
How?
It was given to us long ago.
but was recently moved
to a place of honor.
It is part of our sacred duty
to ensure that cultures that
are lost are never forgotten.
Hmm.
Wow.
Thank you.
If you would like to
take that with you.
we consider that your right.
as one of the last
living Kwejian.
We would only ask that
you return someday
and tell us what's become of
it so we may have a record.
Michael. you won't believe...
Michael?
Hey.
Hello?
Burnham to Discovery.
Do you copy?
Hello?
Shh!
I'm at a really good part.
Book?
This isn't real.
is it?
Nope.
Your consciousness has been
transported into a mindscape.
A virtual space created
from what your neural
activity indicates
as the most important
place in your life.
I've never been here before.
The mind doesn't lie.
Who are you. exactly?
I'm the program
Dr. Derex created.
So why do you look like you?
My form was generated
from your subconscious.
so you tell me.
So this is a test.
Same as with every
other clue we found.
So I've got to figure
something out. pass.
get the clue and get out. yeah?
Sounds like you know the drill.
Then let's get on with it.
I'm ready.
Are you?
She's stable. at
least physically.
Doesn't seem to be
in any distress.
- What happened to her?
- I don't know.
I've worked here for decades.
I've never seen
anything like this.
It looks like some sort
of nucleonic emitter.
It's connected to
her frontal lobe.
and it appears to be running
a program in her mind.
- Okay. can you stop it?
- Not safely.
And transporting her back risks
severing the nucleonic beam.
Disconnecting it
while the program
is still running could be fatal.
I'm going in after her.
This must be it.
right? The transmitter?
Why isn't it working?
It must not be capable
of multiple connections.
But each clue so far has had
some kind of challenge involved.
We have to assume that... that
that's what this program is.
We can't just wait around
and hope she passes the test.
If the clue's here. we
have to find it ourselves.
Hy'Rell. I need
everything you've got
on this neuroscientist.
Any biographical data.
any books she's accessed.
I'll be back shortly.
Okay. the clue's
in here somewhere.
Find it. and you'll know
where it is in the real world.
Find the clue?
That's the test?
No. the clue is the objective.
The test to find it. you'll
have to figure out on your own.
I don't have time for games.
The scientists who hid the
Progenitors' technology
including Dr. Derex
wanted it found and protected.
That's what I'm here to do.
Good.
I hope you succeed.
Let me know if I can help.
Can you narrow
down where to look?
I'm not allowed to give hints.
What about "yes"
or "no" questions
can you answer those?
Depending on the question. Yes.
Oh. my brain should've
picked Tilly.
Derex was a neuroscientist.
So what kind of test
would she have created?
There is too much here
to search randomly.
She wants us to succeed? Yes?
- Yes.
- Then she would have created a...
A way to narrow the
scope of the search.
I assume this is
here for a reason?
Everything's here for a reason.
So. the clue wouldn't
be in Fiction or Art.
Neuroscience is too easy.
But if it were hidden on a shelf
or in something that
looked like a book.
History.
Is that it?
The History section?
What's your logic?
They started the clue trail
during the Dominion War.
Jinaal said they wanted it
found during a time of peace.
He believed peace was possible.
The only way progress
like that happens
is by learning from the past.
Those who learn history
aren't doomed to repeat it.
So we'll go through all the
books on the Dominion War.
go from there. Where's
the History section?
Have you thought about what
might happen if you fail?
- No.
- The mindscape shuts down.
and your brain
functions will cease.
Security precaution.
Sorry.
I shouldn't be surprised.
Jinaal would've let
an itronok eat us.
It is not too late to leave.
I can release you now.
Last chance.
I'm gonna finish this mission.
and you are going to help.
Lead the way. Let's go.
I found everything
you asked for.
Biographical data and a list
of all materials accessed by
Dr. Derex while in residence.
It'd be faster to list
what she didn't access.
There is another
matter. as well.
A Breen ship has
arrived at our beacon.
They are requesting
access to our Archive.
You can't let them in. not now.
We cannot be perceived
as taking sides.
but I will handle
this appropriately.
Discovery.
Commander Rhys. Red Alert.
The Breen are on their way.
Hello. I'm Hy'Rell. one of
the sworn order who tend...
We tracked a Starfleet jump
signature to this location.
They seek an item
which belongs to me.
As a matter of policy.
when it comes to conflicts
between our visitors.
the Archive does not...
I hope. for your sake. that
it remains in your possession.
Sir. in light of the fact
that we have several priceless.
Breen artifacts in our Archive.
I'll do you the
courtesy to suggest
that you rephrase your request.
Give it to me!
Or the Archive and its
contents will be made ash.
Your request is denied.
and all Breen privileges are
suspended until further notice.
May you gain
knowledge elsewhere.
L'ak told me the Breen
had great reverence
for their culture and history.
Not you. though. hmm?
You say what is
hidden down there
will reveal the location of the
Progenitors' technology. How?
You have to combine it with the
other clues that Discovery has.
You made no mention
of other clues.
Discovery is here
already somewhere.
You can easily overpower them.
Find what's in the Archive.
take what they've got.
We'll have everything we need.
Is there
anything else?
Do not test my patience again.
Are the lights getting
dimmer. or are we
we've just been
at this too long?
Hmm?
Never mind.
There's nothing in the "Dominion
War" section. or any other wars.
Nothing in Betazed
history. Trill history.
or the Mirror universe.
I'm going the wrong
way. aren't I?
Yes.
Damn it.
- Why didn't you tell me?!
- You didn't ask.
I told you everything in
here was for a reason.
You assumed the
reason was history.
Try being proactive next time.
It's your mindscape.
I can help you.
- but I can't solve it for you.
- Fine.
Why is this library the
most important place to me?
Why did my subconscious
pick this place
for the test?
It's the mission.
Isn't it?
It's because the
mission is here.
And when I'm on a mission.
that's my priority.
That's why this place
matters so much.
Speaking proactively. you
may be onto something.
Good.
Great.
So?
So.
Labyrinths of the Mind.
This mission is in a
labyrinth of books.
Labyrinth. Labyrinth.
Oh. it's a maze.
Mm.
Finishing the mission
means getting out.
and getting out is
how I find the clue.
I am supposed to
find my way out.
back to the reading room
where it all started. right?
Unless you'd rather die in here.
Hmm.
Well. there are mathematical
methods for solving mazes.
Ah.
Trémaux's algorithm.
I just need to find a
way to mark my path.
to eliminate routes.
Thank you.
For what it's worth.
I prefer this version
of you that is helpful.
Tilly would've been
just as frustrating.
For what it's worth.
Hmm.
Nothing in there
leads to the clue.
How about her reading list?
A Comprehensive Guide
to Talaxian Hair Styles.
Hupyrian Folk Tales.
Euclidean Geometry.
I don't know. Seems like she
just loved learning new things.
Any suggestions?
Excuse me.
Unfortunately. our conversation
with the Breen did not go well.
We have raised our
shields. which means
transport back to your
ship will be impossible
for the time being.
My apologies.
I must go prepare our defenses.
I'll help you.
Let me know if you need me.
Damn it. Discovery.
what's your status?
Sir. we've detected
the Breen on approach
through the plasma storm.
- How far out?
- The plasma
is blinding our sensors
so we're relying
upon gravimetric
calculations. Lieutenant Naya?
I'm guessing we
have two minutes.
Discovery is no match for
that ship's firepower.
Find a way to conceal yourselves
and stand by for further orders.
Rayner out.
We can't cloak.
We'll have to use natural cover.
Commander Asha. take
us out of the oasis.
- back into the plasma storm.
- Sir?
If it blinds our sensors.
it'll blind theirs. too.
Lieutenant Naya. monitor weather
patterns in the plasma storm.
send the data to Asha's station.
keep us as safe as you can.
- Aye. Commander.
- Just stating the obvious here.
but we can only withstand
that storm for so long.
I know.
We just need long enough.
Yes.
Ah.
That's where we came in.
Gotcha.
What?
What the hell?!
Thought you had it. hmm?
Why are you making this so hard?
I'm doing what the
scientists wanted.
I'm-I'm trying to...
They didn't ask for you.
What?!
They wanted the technology
in the right hands. yes.
They wanted it protected... yes.
But who's to say you're
one of the good guys?
How could they possibly know
that you. Michael Burnham.
out of anyone alive.
could be trusted with it?
There's a test here.
You haven't passed it yet.
The lights are going out.
I'm running out
of time. aren't I?
Yes.
You are.
Her cortisol levels are rising.
Whatever she's experiencing.
she's stressed. scared.
Commander Rayner. do you copy?
Yeah. What's going on?
We're detecting some
kind of energy connection
between the dreadnaught
and the Archive's shields.
I've never seen
anything like it.
It seems to be focusing
on one particular spot.
Shit. They're using
shield-tunneling technology
to get their troops inside.
Discovery. figure out
how that tech works and
find a way to slow it down.
- Aye. Commander.
- Booker. I need you back here
right now. Breen are coming in.
On my way.
I'm gonna need all the time
you and Book can give me.
You got it.
What is the test?
Is it why this mission
is so important?
Every mission is important.
So what is it?
Labyrinths of the Mind.
Is it me?
It's my mind.
Right?
That's why my
subconscious picked you.
Because we talked earlier.
And...
And what?
We didn't fix it.
That's why I picked you.
Because I want to fix
it. but I don't know how.
He looked at me like that. too.
Flat.
'Cause he thinks the job
is all that matters to me.
And so. is that what you want?
Do you want me to admit that?
That the job is everything?
Is that how I get the clue?
Or maybe. I should go even
more psychobabble here
and admit that if I don't
complete this mission.
then I don't know who I am.
Maybe I think that. uh
nobody will love me. or.
or care about me
if I'm a failure.
And maybe that's the
reason why I lost you.
Him.
Is that right?
Some of those
things may be true.
but they are not the answer.
Wait. So.
I succeed. I fix things.
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with-with
having a purpose?
You don't have to go out
every day and prove yourself.
why you matter.
You don't have to prove that
you deserve this uniform.
this rank. that
that you can be counted
on. that you won't quit.
that you won't fail again.
Again?
Screw you.
I'll find my own way out.
Engineering.
how much longer till we
can help the Archive?
We are working on it. Commander.
So how the hell do we disrupt
a shield-tunneling technology
we've never encountered before
from a species we know
almost nothing about?
And don't forget
we have to do it
without the Breen
knowing we're here.
How hard could that be?
Hey. look at this.
Their tunnel has
a periodic fluctuation.
It's. uh. 8.4 times per second.
Yeah. They're-they're
using harmonic resonance...
To match the Archive's
shield frequency.
I love when you two do that.
It's an automated process. but
if we could make the
Breen's system think
that the frequency's changed.
it would remodulate.
closing the tunnel
so none of the soldiers
could get inside.
The problem is. the Breen
use base-duodeca coding.
which is. like.
really hard to hack.
Remember when I was talking
about all the odd jobs
that I used to have?
Uh. yes?
There was a stint where I fixed
comms relays near Hysperia.
Hysperians really know
how to party. by the way.
but it's another story.
Point is. we'd do
remote repairs using
concentrated positron beams.
which can be set to pulse at
pretty much any frequency.
We-we could direct
a positron beam right to
where the tunnel meets
the Archive's shields. and
then. if we set the beam
to a different frequency...
That's it. Do it again.
The tunnel would
automatically close!
Yeah. but eventually.
they're gonna
realize the error
and-and correct it.
Yes. but. hopefully. by
then. our team's already out.
- Great idea.
- I live to serve.
Commander. we have a solution.
but it'll take a few minutes.
We'll do our best to
survive that long.
They'll come into this
intersection here.
they'll fan out and look for us.
I'm guessing in groups of four.
Okay. I see a few places
where we can hit them from.
depending on their
arrival position.
No. There.
We'll be hidden by shelving.
but we'll have clear
sight lines wherever
they come in.
You think like a hunter.
Had to. to survive the Breen.
We're closing the
tunnel now. Commander.
but some of the
Breen got through.
We'll be ready.
Whatever it is
you're talking about.
it isn't your only problem.
Someone just took out
one of your troops.
I told you Discovery was here.
There's more of
that down here.
you gelatinous assholes!
Send me down there.
I've beaten Starfleet
in close quarters.
Do you think I'm a fool?
I would never miss the
chance to bring L'ak back.
And you don't have to
keep losing soldiers.
We will sacrifice
as many as it takes.
Redirect all forces
in the facility
to that sector immediately.
He doesn't give a
shit about L'ak.
Or any of you.
You know that. right?
Hang on. Hang on. Hang on.
Book's been shot.
Book. Hold on. Let
me take a look.
Oh. easy.
- It's not that bad.
- Abdominal cavity.
I can't treat this here. We
need to get you to sickbay.
What's the captain's status?
No change. She's still in it.
Discovery. report.
We disrupted the tunnel.
but they'll have it fixed soon.
And we can't take this
plasma storm much longer.
What do you want us
to do. Commander?
Five more minutes.
If the captain's not conscious
by then. we evacuate.
Contact the Archive. have
them ready to lower shields
just long enough
for us to beam out.
Wait. What about the clue?
Clue won't matter
if we're all dead.
No. no. no. no. we can't.
Book. listen.
I know transporting
means we could lose her.
but if we stay. we
most definitely will.
I'm sorry.
I needed a minute.
Your time is almost up.
I know.
I've tried everything.
There's nothing else I can do.
I don't want to die in here.
Are you afraid of death?
Not really.
I'm afraid a lot.
But not of death.
I'm surprised to hear that.
The great Michael Burnham.
afraid?
More than I'd like to admit.
Of failing.
Not being enough.
A good enough captain
friend.
partner.
Sometimes
it drives me. that fear.
And I hate that.
I hate it so much.
It makes me feel...
Makes me feel small.
And weak.
Ashamed.
Sounds hard to live like that.
Well. I've been working on it.
But it's always there.
It actually feels good
to say it out loud.
even if you're not really Book.
I should've told him that.
Why I pulled back.
But I was afraid
I'd failed him.
Or me.
And so it was easier to just...
Well. anyhow.
Can you at least tell
me what the test was?
Before the lights go out.
No need.
You've passed.
How?
If you're going to
be the one to protect
what the Progenitors
left behind.
you'll need to know yourself.
Be able to be honest
with yourself.
Especially with the things
that are hard to look at.
Fear. guilt.
The things you may
be vulnerable to.
Most can't admit those
things to themselves.
That you can is the only
way you can be trusted
to do the right thing
with so much power.
Congratulations.
Michael Burnham.
Thank you.
That's one hell of a test.
Damn.
You don't mess around. do you?
There's a crystal
in Viewing Room 7.
Once you wake up.
just go in. get it
and break it open.
The clue's hidden inside.
Okay.
I guess I should
head back. then.
There's one more thing
you need to know first.
About something inside
your final destination.
The way to get through it.
Book.
Hey.
- Michael.
- Captain.
- Book. you're hurt.
What happened to you?
What happened?
I'll be okay.
What's our status?
We need to evacuate now.
Breen are here. more are coming.
I know where the final clue is.
We need to get there first.
Let's move.
Commander Rhys. are you ready?
On your mark. Archive's
standing by to lower shields.
but the Breen reinforcements
are almost there.
How much time do we have?
30 seconds. if you're lucky.
It's enough.
Commander. now! Energize!
Are Book and Culber in sickbay?
Aye. Captain.
What's the status
of the Archive?
Hy'Rell said several
archivists were injured.
- but none critically.
- Yet.
With reinforcements beaming in.
- it won't last long.
- Figured they'd need help.
I sent Gallo to work
on our shield emitters.
Good idea. Commander Jemison.
have Gallo's team route all the
available power to your station.
Commander Asha. get ready
to take us out into the open
- and draw the Breen away from the Archive.
- Aye. Captain.
All right. Asha.
Let's fly.
Primarch. we have
Discovery on scans.
They're hailing us.
Put them through.
Primarch Ruhn.
your business is with
us. not with the Archive.
They no longer have
the item you desire.
So you do?
And if you fire on us.
you'll destroy the clue.
If you do not send me
the entire set of clues
immediately. I will
destroy the Archive.
Captain. the dreadnaught's
charging some sort
of energy weapon.
Primarch. wait!
There are a thousand innocent
lives in that Archive.
Take this as your final warning.
Captain. Hy'Rell's reporting
significant injuries.
Give me the clues.
or more blood will
be on your hands.
First I'll need your assurance
that the Archive
and everyone in it
will not be harmed any further.
Captain?
You are in no
position to bargain.
I am if you want the clues.
Now swear on it!
A tergun to spare the Archive
and all its inhabitants.
A tergun is a sacred Breen oath.
You expect me to swear one
with a human?
That is exactly what I expect.
I need a moment to consider.
Tilly. get the rest
of the clues up here.
We need to finish the map
so we can find where
the tech is hidden.
On it.
Why would she do this?
The Federation's compassion
has always been its weakness.
To save the few.
they will risk the many.
It could be a trick. Primarch.
She would not risk that.
Not after seeing what
our weapons can do.
Reopen communications.
They're ready. Captain.
Put them through.
I will grant you tergun.
I will spare the Archive
and all those inside.
Deviate from our agreement.
and they will die
excruciating deaths.
Stand by for transport.
Discovery out.
- Tilly!
- I'm here. I'm here.
Last clue.
Here we go.
That's it.
The coordinates to the
Progenitors' technology.
Get a scan of that
map to Stamets.
- Have him stand by to jump.
- Aye. Captain.
Prepare to vent main shuttle bay
and all plasma
from both nacelles.
You heard your
captain. get to it.
Aye. Commander.
Primarch.
we have received an
item from Discovery
via transport.
Materialize it.
Is the object authentic?
It is.
Good.
Lock onto Discovery.
prepare to fire.
What? No!
You'd be starting a war
with the Federation.
All the Breen factions
will be drawn in.
They could turn against us.
"Us"?
So you're a Breen now?
I am the wife of the Scion.
The dead Scion.
- They're locking onto us.
- Evasive maneuvers.
Everybody hold tight.
Commander Stamets.
are you ready?
Standing by. Captain.
We're going to vent and
jump simultaneously.
Black Alert.
Incoming.
Damage report.
I'm losing lateral thrusters!
Damage is reported on
Decks 5. 14 and 18.
- They're firing again.
- Fire back and hold steady!
Structural integrity
is weakening.
Shields down to 30%.
- Captain?
- Keep holding.
Shields are collapsing!
On my mark.
Now!
Is everybody all right?
Aye. Captain.
- Aye. Captain.
Commander Asha. where are we?
- 22 light-years off target.
- Commander Stamets?
I'm not sure what happened.
The spore drive malfunctioned.
The sensors say it was
damaged by the Breen assault.
We cannot jump again
until it is fixed.
Warp drive is also
damaged. Captain.
Looking into how bad.
Keep me posted.
Any casualties?
A few minor injuries. that's it.
Good.
Lieutenant Tilly.
considering maximum warp.
how long will it
take the Breen ship
to get to the map coordinates?
Six hours. give or take.
Commander Rayner. I want all
available personnel on repairs.
They have five hours.
and then we need to go.
You got it.
Smart move. by the way. Captain.
Now Ruhn thinks we're
dead. Advantage us.
Someone once told me never
turn my back on a Breen.
They still might beat
us to the coordinates.
No. I learned something
in the mindscape.
Something we'll need to
know when we get there.
And I can't imagine
Ruhn figuring it out.
What about Moll?
Primarch. we have confirmed
debris and traces
of warp plasma.
Discovery has been destroyed.
Good.
Prepare to fire on the Archive.
You swore a tergun.
Don't make this any
worse for your crew
than you already have.
Set a course for
the map coordinates.
The goal is L'ak.
The goal is whatever
I say it is.
Recharge the weapons.
Take her to The Chamber.
But. Primarch. she...
Take her!
Yes. Primarch.
No. damn it. wait!
If you destroy the Archive.
it won't just be the
Federation coming after you.
It'll be other Breen. too.
As revenge for your dishonor.
With the Progenitors' power.
we will not worry.
But you don't have it yet.
Do you?
L'ak will never
support your succession
if you kill me.
I don't need L'ak anymore.
Or you.
And there it is.
You don't give a damn
about your Scion.
your oaths.
or the lives of your soldiers.
Would L'ak do this?
Would your Scion
be this selfish?
He left.
For a human.
He loves me.
Yes.
But he left because of you.
Primarch. don't.
How dare you!
I am the wife of L'ak.
Scion
and true ruler of the Imperium.
We will get him back.
Long will he reign.
Captioning sponsored by CBS.
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm